Add adv shield (#2053)
18F/cg-site: _docs/services/external-domain-service.md

#### Header forwarding

CloudFront forwards a [limited set of headers](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/RequestAndResponseBehaviorCustomOrigin.html#request-custom-headers-behavior) by default. 

#### Advanced DDOS protection

> Customers who have a cloud.gov Extended Support Package, or are enrolled through our GSA Cloud Service, can opt to add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customers who have a cloud.gov [Supplemental or Premium Support Package](https://cloud.gov/support-packages/), or are enrolled through our GSA Cloud Service, can opt to add
```
